.\" Manpage for mxmlc.
.\" License text should go here.
.\" Contact flex\-dev@incubator.apache.org in to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 8 "26 March 2012" "1.0" "Apache Flex Compiler (mxmlc)"
.SH NAME
mxmlc \- Apache Flex Compiler (mxmlc)
.SH SYNOPSIS
mxlmc [configuration options] [default arguments]
.SH DESCRIPTION
mxmlc compiles ActionScript 3 code, MXML templates, and a subset of CSS targeting Flex framework into SWF formats version 9 and above.
.SH OPTIONS
.B \-benchmark
    output performance benchmark
.LP
.B \-compiler.accessible
    alias -accessible
    generate an accessible SWF
.LP
.B \-compiler.actionscript\-file\-encoding
.RI < string >
.br
    alias \-actionscript\-file\-encoding
    specifies actionscript file encoding. If there is no BOM in the AS3
    source files, the compiler will use this file encoding.
.LP
.B \-compiler.allow\-source\-path\-overlap
.br
    alias \-allow\-source\-path\-overlap
    checks if a source\-path entry is a subdirectory of another
    source\-path entry. It helps make the package names of MXML components
    unambiguous. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.as3
.br
    alias \-as3
    use the ActionScript 3 class based object model for greater
    performance and better error reporting. In the class based object
    model most built\-in functions are implemented as fixed methods of
    classes. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.compress
.br
    alias \-compress
.LP
.B \-compiler.context\-root
.RI < context\-path >
.br
    alias \-context\-root
    path to replace 
.RI { context.root }
    tokens for service channel endpoints
.LP
.B \-compiler.debug
.br
    alias \-debug
    generates a movie that is suitable for debugging
.LP
.B \-compiler.defaults\-css\-files
.RB [ filename ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    alias \-defaults\-css\-files
    (advanced, repeatable)
.LP
.B \-compiler.defaults\-css\-url
.RI < string >
.br
    alias \-defaults\-css\-url
    defines the location of the default style sheet. Setting this option
    overrides the implicit use of the defaults.css style sheet in the
    framework.swc file. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.define
.RI < name >
.RI < value >
.br
    alias \-define
    define a global AS3 conditional compilation definition, 
    e.g.
.B \-define=CONFIG::debugging,true
    or 
.B \-define+=CONFIG::debugging,true
    (to append to existing definitions in flex\-config.xml)
    (advanced, repeatable)
.LP
.B \-compiler.enable\-runtime\-design\-layers
.br
    alias \-enable\-runtime\-design\-layers
.LP
.B \-compiler.es
.br
    alias \-es
    use the ECMAScript edition 3 prototype based object model to allow
    dynamic overriding of prototype properties. In the prototype based
    object model built\-in functions are implemented as dynamic properties
    of prototype objects. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.extensions.extension
.RB [ extension ]
.RB [ parameters ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    alias \-extension
     (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-compiler.external\-library\-path
.RB [ path\-element ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    alias \-external\-library\-path
    list of SWC files or directories to compile against but to omit from
    linking (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-compiler.fonts.advanced\-anti\-aliasing
.br
    alias \-advanced\-anti\-aliasing
    enables advanced anti\-aliasing for embedded fonts, which provides
    greater clarity for small fonts.
.LP
.B \-compiler.fonts.flash\-type
.br
    alias \-flash\-type
    enables FlashType for embedded fonts, which provides greater clarity
    for small fonts.
.LP
.B \-compiler.fonts.languages.language\-range
.RI < lang >
.RI < range >
.br
    alias \-language\-range
    a range to restrict the number of font glyphs embedded into the SWF
    (advanced, repeatable)
.LP
.B \-compiler.fonts.local\-font\-paths
.RB [ path\-element ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    alias \-local\-font\-paths
     (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.fonts.local\-fonts\-snapshot <string>
.br
    alias \-local\-fonts\-snapshot
    File containing system font data produced by
    flex2.tools.FontSnapshot. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.fonts.managers
.RB [ manager\-class ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    alias \-managers
    Compiler font manager classes, in policy resolution order (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.fonts.max\-cached\-fonts
.RI < string >
.br
    alias \-max\-cached\-fonts
    sets the maximum number of fonts to keep in the server cache.  The
    default value is 20. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.fonts.max\-glyphs\-per\-face
.RI < string >
.br
    alias \-max\-glyphs\-per\-face
    sets the maximum number of character glyph\-outlines to keep in the
    server cache for each font face. The default value is 1000.
.LP
.B \-compiler.headless\-server
.br
    alias \-headless\-server
    a flag to set when Flex is running on a server without a display
    (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.include\-libraries
.RB [ library ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    alias \-include\-libraries
    a list of libraries (SWCs) to completely include in the SWF
    (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-compiler.incremental
.br
    alias \-incremental
    enables incremental compilation
.LP
.B \-compiler.isolate\-styles
.br
    alias \-isolate\-styles
    enables the compiled application or module to set styles that only
    affect itself and its children (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.keep\-all\-type\-selectors
.br
    alias \-keep\-all\-type\-selectors
    disables the pruning of unused CSS type selectors (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.keep\-as3\-metadata
.RB [ name ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    alias \-keep\-as3\-metadata
    keep the specified metadata in the SWF (advanced, repeatable)
.LP
.B \-compiler.keep\-generated\-actionscript
.br
    alias \-keep\-generated\-actionscript
    save temporary source files generated during MXML compilation
    (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.library\-path
.RB [ path\-element ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    alias \-l
    list of SWC files or directories that contain SWC files (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-compiler.locale
.RB [ locale\-element ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    alias \-locale
    specifies the locale for internationalization (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-compiler.minimum\-supported\-version
.RI < string >
.br
    alias \-minimum\-supported\-version
.LP
.B \-compiler.mobile
.br
    alias \-mobile
    specifies the target runtime is a mobile device
.LP
.B \-compiler.mxml.compatibility\-version
.RI < version >
.br
    alias \-compatibility\-version
    specifies a compatibility version. e.g.
.B \-compatibility\-version=2.0.1
.LP
.B \-compiler.mxml.minimum\-supported\-version
.RI < string >
.br
.LP
.B \-compiler.mxml.qualified\-type\-selectors
.br
    alias \-qualified\-type\-selectors
     (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.namespaces.namespace
.RB [ uri ]
.RB [ manifest ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    alias \-namespace
    Specify a URI to associate with a manifest of components for use as
    MXML elements (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-compiler.omit\-trace\-statements
.br
    alias \-omit\-trace\-statements
    toggle whether trace statements are omitted
.LP
.B \-compiler.optimize
.br
    alias \-optimize
    Enable post\-link SWF optimization
.LP
.B \-compiler.preloader
.RI < string >
.br
    alias \-preloader
    Specifies the default value for the Application's preloader
    attribute. If not specified, the default preloader value is
    mx.preloaders.SparkDownloadProgressBar when
    \-compatibility\-version >= 4.0 and
    mx.preloaders.DownloadProgressBar when
    \-compatibility\-version < 4.0.
.LP
.B \-compiler.report\-invalid\-styles\-as\-warnings
.br
    alias \-report\-invalid\-styles\-as\-warnings
    enables reporting of invalid styles as warnings
.LP
.B \-compiler.report\-missing\-required\-skin\-parts\-as\-warnings
.br
    alias \-report\-missing\-required\-skin\-parts\-as\-warnings
    Use this option to generate a warning instead of an error when a
    missing required skin part is detected. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.services
.RI < filename >
.br
    alias \-services
    path to Flex Data Services configuration file
.LP
.B \-compiler.show\-actionscript\-warnings
.br
    alias \-show\-actionscript\-warnings
    runs the AS3 compiler in a mode that detects legal but potentially
    incorrect code
.LP
.B \-compiler.show\-binding\-warnings
.br
    alias \-show\-binding\-warnings
    toggle whether warnings generated from data binding code are
    displayed
.LP
.B \-compiler.show\-invalid\-css\-property\-warnings
.br
    alias \-show\-invalid\-css\-property\-warnings
    toggle whether invalid css property warnings are reported
.LP
.B \-compiler.show\-shadowed\-device\-font\-warnings
.br
    alias \-show\-shadowed\-device\-font\-warnings
    toggles whether warnings are displayed when an embedded font name
    shadows a device font name
.LP
.B \-compiler.show\-unused\-type\-selector\-warnings
.br
    alias \-show\-unused\-type\-selector\-warnings
    toggle whether warnings generated from unused CSS type selectors are
    displayed
.LP
.B \-compiler.source\-path
.RB [ path\-element ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    alias \-sp
    list of path elements that form the roots of ActionScript class
    hierarchies (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-compiler.strict
.br
    alias \-strict
    runs the AS3 compiler in strict error checking mode.
.LP
.B \-compiler.theme
.RB [ filename ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    alias \-theme
    list of CSS or SWC files to apply as a theme (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-compiler.use\-resource\-bundle\-metadata
.br
    alias \-use\-resource\-bundle\-metadata
    determines whether resources bundles are included in the application.
.LP
.B \-compiler.verbose\-stacktraces
.br
    alias \-verbose\-stacktraces
    save callstack information to the SWF for debugging
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-array\-tostring\-changes
.br
    alias \-warn\-array\-tostring\-changes
    Array.toString() format has changed. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-assignment\-within\-conditional
.br
    alias \-warn\-assignment\-within\-conditional
    Assignment within conditional. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-bad\-array\-cast
.br
    alias \-warn\-bad\-array\-cast
    Possibly invalid Array cast operation. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-bad\-bool\-assignment
.br
    alias \-warn\-bad\-bool\-assignment
    Non\-Boolean value used where a Boolean value was expected. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-bad\-date\-cast
.br
    alias \-warn\-bad\-date\-cast
    Invalid Date cast operation. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-bad\-es3\-type\-method
.br
    alias \-warn\-bad\-es3\-type\-method
    Unknown method. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-bad\-es3\-type\-prop
.br
    alias \-warn\-bad\-es3\-type\-prop
    Unknown property. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-bad\-nan\-comparison
.br
    alias \-warn\-bad\-nan\-comparison
    Illogical comparison with NaN. Any comparison operation involving NaN
    will evaluate to false because NaN != NaN. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-bad\-null\-assignment
.br
    alias \-warn\-bad\-null\-assignment
    Impossible assignment to null. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-bad\-null\-comparison
.br
    alias \-warn\-bad\-null\-comparison
    Illogical comparison with null. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-bad\-undefined\-comparison
.br
    alias \-warn\-bad\-undefined\-comparison
    Illogical comparison with undefined.  Only untyped variables (or
    variables of type *) can be undefined. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-boolean\-constructor\-with\-no\-args
.br
    alias \-warn\-boolean\-constructor\-with\-no\-args
    Boolean() with no arguments returns false in ActionScript 3.0.
    Boolean() returned undefined in ActionScript 2.0. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-changes\-in\-resolve
.br
    alias \-warn\-changes\-in\-resolve
    __resolve is no longer supported. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-class\-is\-sealed
.br
    alias \-warn\-class\-is\-sealed
    Class is sealed.  It cannot have members added to it dynamically.
    (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-const\-not\-initialized
.br
    alias \-warn\-const\-not\-initialized
    Constant not initialized. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-constructor\-returns\-value
.br
    alias \-warn\-constructor\-returns\-value
    Function used in new expression returns a value.  Result will be what
    the function returns, rather than a new instance of that function.
    (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-deprecated\-event\-handler\-error
.br
    alias \-warn\-deprecated\-event\-handler\-error
    EventHandler was not added as a listener. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-deprecated\-function\-error
.br
    alias \-warn\-deprecated\-function\-error
    Unsupported ActionScript 2.0 function. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-deprecated\-property\-error
.br
    alias \-warn\-deprecated\-property\-error
    Unsupported ActionScript 2.0 property. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-duplicate\-argument\-names
.br
    alias \-warn\-duplicate\-argument\-names
    More than one argument by the same name. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-duplicate\-variable\-def
.br
    alias \-warn\-duplicate\-variable\-def
    Duplicate variable definition  (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-for\-var\-in\-changes
.br
    alias \-warn\-for\-var\-in\-changes
    ActionScript 3.0 iterates over an object's properties within a "for x
    in target" statement in random order. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-import\-hides\-class
.br
    alias \-warn\-import\-hides\-class
    Importing a package by the same name as the current class will hide
    that class identifier in this scope. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-instance\-of\-changes
.br
    alias \-warn\-instance\-of\-changes
    Use of the instanceof operator. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-internal\-error
.br
    alias \-warn\-internal\-error
    Internal error in compiler. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-level\-not\-supported
.br
    alias \-warn\-level\-not\-supported
    _level is no longer supported. For more information, see the
    flash.display package. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-missing\-namespace\-decl
.br
    alias \-warn\-missing\-namespace\-decl
    Missing namespace declaration (e.g. variable is not defined to be
    public, private, etc.). (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-negative\-uint\-literal
.br
    alias \-warn\-negative\-uint\-literal
    Negative value will become a large positive value when assigned to a
    uint data type. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-no\-constructor
.br
    alias \-warn\-no\-constructor
    Missing constructor. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-no\-explicit\-super\-call\-in\-constructor
.br
    alias \-warn\-no\-explicit\-super\-call\-in\-constructor
    The super() statement was not called within the constructor.
    (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-no\-type\-decl
.br
    alias \-warn\-no\-type\-decl
    Missing type declaration. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-number\-from\-string\-changes
.br
    alias \-warn\-number\-from\-string\-changes
    In ActionScript 3.0, white space is ignored and '' returns 0.
    Number() returns NaN in ActionScript 2.0 when the parameter is '' or
    contains white space. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-scoping\-change\-in\-this
.br
    alias \-warn\-scoping\-change\-in\-this
    Change in scoping for the this keyword.  Class methods extracted from
    an instance of a class will always resolve this back to that
    instance.  In ActionScript 2.0 this is looked up dynamically based on
    where the method is invoked from. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-slow\-text\-field\-addition
.br
    alias \-warn\-slow\-text\-field\-addition
    Inefficient use of += on a TextField. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-unlikely\-function\-value
.br
    alias \-warn\-unlikely\-function\-value
    Possible missing parentheses. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-compiler.warn\-xml\-class\-has\-changed
.br
    alias \-warn\-xml\-class\-has\-changed
    Possible usage of the ActionScript 2.0 XML class. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-debug\-password
.RI < string >
.br
    the password to include in debuggable SWFs (advanced)
.LP
.B \-default\-background\-color
.RI < int >
.br
    default background color (may be overridden by the application code)
    (advanced)
.LP
.B \-default\-frame\-rate
.RI < int >
.br
    default frame rate to be used in the SWF. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-default\-script\-limits
.RI < max\-recursion\-depth >
.RI < max\-execution\-time >
.br
    default script execution limits (may be overridden by root
    attributes) (advanced)
.LP
.B \-default\-size
.RI < width >
.RI < height >
.br
    default application size (may be overridden by root attributes in the
    application) (advanced)
.LP
.B \-dump\-config
.RI < filename >
.br
    write a file containing all currently set configuration values in a
    format suitable for use as a flex config file (advanced)
.LP
.B \-externs
.RB [ symbol ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    a list of symbols to omit from linking when building a SWF (advanced,
    repeatable)
.LP
.B \-frames.frame
.RB [ label ]
.RB [ classname ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    alias \-frame
    A SWF frame label with a sequence of classnames that will be linked
    onto the frame. (advanced, repeatable)
.LP
.B \-framework
.RI < string >
.br
.LP
.B \-help
.RB [ keyword ] 
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    keywords are 'syntax', 'list', 'advanced', 'aliases', 'details', or a
    search term
.LP
.B \-include\-inheritance\-dependencies\-only
.br
    only include inheritance dependencies of classes specified with
    include\-classes  (advanced)
.LP
.B \-include\-resource\-bundles
.RB [ bundle ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    a list of resource bundles to include in the output SWC (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-includes
.RB [ symbol ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    a list of symbols to always link in when building a SWF (advanced,
    repeatable)
.LP
.B \-licenses.license
.RI < product >
.RI < serial\-number >
.br
    alias \-license
    specifies a product and a serial number.  (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-link\-report
.RI < filename >
.br
    Output a XML\-formatted report of all definitions linked into the
    application. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-load\-config
.RI < filename >
.br
    load a file containing configuration options (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-load\-externs
.RI < filename >
.br
    an XML file containing <def>, <pre>, and <ext> symbols to omit from
    linking when building a SWF (advanced, repeatable)
.LP
.B \-metadata.contributor
.RI < name >
.br
    alias \-contributor
    A contributor's name to store in the SWF metadata (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-metadata.creator
.RI < name >
.br
    alias \-creator
    A creator's name to store in the SWF metadata (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-metadata.date
.RI < text >
.br
    alias \-date
    The creation date to store in the SWF metadata
.LP
.B \-metadata.description
.RI < text >
.br
    alias \-description
    The default description to store in the SWF metadata
.LP
.B \-metadata.language
.RI < code >
.br
    alias \-language
    The language to store in the SWF metadata (i.e. EN, FR) (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-metadata.localized\-description
.RI < text >
.RI < lang >
.br
    alias \-localized\-description
    A localized RDF/XMP description to store in the SWF metadata
    (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-metadata.localized\-title
.RI < title >
.RI < lang >
.br
    alias \-localized\-title
    A localized RDF/XMP title to store in the SWF metadata (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-metadata.publisher
.RI < name >
.br
    alias \-publisher
    A publisher's name to store in the SWF metadata (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-metadata.title
.RI < text >
.br
    alias \-title
    The default title to store in the SWF metadata
.LP
.B \-output
.RI < filename >
.br
    alias \-o
    the filename of the SWF movie to create
.LP
.B \-raw\-metadata
.RI < text >
.br
    XML text to store in the SWF metadata (overrides metadata.*
    configuration) (advanced)
.LP
.B \-remove\-unused\-rsls
.br
    remove RSLs that are not being used by the application (advanced)
.LP
.B \-resource\-bundle\-list
.RI < filename >
.br
    prints a list of resource bundles to a file for input to the compc
    compiler to create a resource bundle SWC file.  (advanced)
.LP
.B \-runtime\-shared\-libraries
.RB [ url ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    alias \-rsl
    a list of runtime shared library URLs to be loaded before the
    application starts (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-runtime\-shared\-library\-path
.RB [ path\-element ]
.RB [ rsl\-url ]
.RB [ policy\-file\-url ]
.RB [ rsl\-url ]
.RB [ policy\-file\-url ]
.br
    alias \-rslp
    specifies a SWC to link against, an RSL URL to load, with an optional
    policy file URL and optional failover URLs  (repeatable)
.LP
.B \-runtime\-shared\-library\-settings.application\-domain
.RB [ path\-element ]
.RB [ application\-domain\-target ]
.RB [ path\-element ]
.RB [ application\-domain\-target ]
.RB [ path\-element ]
.br
    alias \-rsl\-domain
    override the application domain an RSL is loaded into. The supported
    values are 'current', 'default', 'parent', or 'top\-level'. (advanced,
    repeatable)
.LP
.B \-runtime\-shared\-library\-settings.force\-rsls
.RB [ path\-element ]
.RB [ ... ]
.br
    alias \-force\-rsls
    force an RSL to be loaded, overriding the removal caused by using the
    remove\-unused\-rsls option (advanced, repeatable)
.LP
.B \-size\-report
.RI < filename >
.br
    Output an XML\-formatted report detailing the size of all code and
    data linked into the application. (advanced)
.LP
.B \-static\-link\-runtime\-shared\-libraries
.br
    alias \-static\-rsls
    statically link the libraries specified by the
    \-runtime\-shared\-libraries\-path option.
.LP
.B \-swf\-version
.RI < int >
.br
    specifies the version of the compiled SWF file.
.LP
.B \-target\-player
.RI < version >
.br
    specifies the version of the player the application is targeting.
    Features requiring a later version will not be compiled into the
    application. The minimum value supported is "9.0.0".
.LP
.B \-tools\-locale
.RI < string >
.br
    specifies the locale used by the compiler when reporting errors and
    warnings.
.LP
.B \-use\-direct\-blit
.br
    Use hardware acceleration to blit graphics to the screen, where such
    acceleration is available.
.LP
.B \-use\-gpu
.br
    Use GPU compositing features when drawing graphics, where such
    acceleration is available.
.LP
.B \-use\-network
.br
    toggle whether the SWF is flagged for access to network resources
.LP
.B \-verify\-digests
.br
    verifies the libraries loaded at runtime are the correct ones.
    (advanced)
.LP
.B \-version
.br
    display the build version of the program
.LP
.B \-warnings
.br
    toggle the display of warnings

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR compc (8),
.BR asdoc (8),
.BR adt (8),
.BR adl (8),
.BR swfdump (8),
.BR fdb (8),
.BR fcsh (8).

.SH BUGS
The full list of bugs can be found here: 
https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/FLEX
.SH AUTHOR
Apache Flex <flex\-dev@incubator.apache.org>
