.\" Manpage for optimizer.
.\" Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
.\" contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
.\" this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
.\" The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
.\" (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
.\" the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.\" Contact flex\-dev@incubator.apache.org to correct errors or typos.
.TH optimizer 8 "2 April 2012" "1.0" "Apache Flex Bytecode Optymizer (optimizer)"
.SH NAME
optimizer \- Apache Flex Bytecode Optimizer (optimizer)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B optimizer
.RB [ -input 
.RI < filename >
]
.RB [ -output 
.RI < filename >
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B optimizer
optimizes ActionScript 3 bytecode.

Configuration options may be set on the command line as
.B '-variable=value,value,value'. 
(The number of values required depends on the
particular variable.) Boolean options may be enabled with '-variable=true'
and disabled with 
.B '-variable=false',
 with
.B '-variable' being shorthand for
.B '-variable=true'.
Variables may be cleared by setting
.B '-variable='
with no value following the equals sign.

The default argument list is equivalent to setting the 'input' variable. The
special string 
.B '--'
may be used to terminate processing of named
configuration options and to force any remaining values on the command line
to be interpreted as default arguments.

In general, a given variable may only be set once, but a few variables may be
set multiple times if noted as 'repeatable' in their description; i.e.
.B '-a=x,y,z'
may also be set as
.B '-a=x -a=y -a=z'
if 'a' is repeatable. A more
useful trait of repeatable variables is that by using the special syntax
.B '-variable+=value,value', 
the new values set will be appended to the current
value, rather than replacing the current value list.

Configuration variables sometimes have shortened aliases that make them
easier to type. Hierarchical dotted variable names will automatically have an
alias generated for their 'leaf' name, if it is unique.

Filenames specified on the command line must either be an absolute path or
relative to the current directory.

Use 
.B 'optimizer -help list'
to list available configuration variables.

.SH OPTIONS

.B \-compiler.debug
.LP
.B \-help
.RB [ keyword ]
.RB [ ... ]
.LP
.B \-input
.RI < filename >
.LP
.B \-load-config
.RI < filename >
.LP
.B \-output
.RI < filename >
.LP
.B \-version

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mxmlc (8),
.BR asdoc (8),
.BR adt (8),
.BR adl (8),
.BR swfdump (8),
.BR fdb (8),
.BR fcsh (8).

.SH BUGS
The full list of bugs can be found here: 
https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/FLEX
.SH AUTHOR
Apache Flex <flex\-dev@incubator.apache.org>
