.\" Manpage for swfdump.
.\" Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
.\" contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
.\" this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
.\" The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
.\" (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
.\" the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.\" Contact flex\-dev@incubator.apache.org in to correct errors or typos.
.TH swfdump 8 "26 March 2012" "1.0" "Apache Flex SWF Disassembler (swfdump)"
.SH NAME
asdoc \- Apache Flex SWF Disassembler (swfdump)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B swfdump java tools.SwfxPrinter
.RB [ -encode ]
.RB [ -asm ]
.RB [ -abc ]
.RB [ -showbytecode ]
.RB [ -noactions ]
.RB [ -showdebugsource ]
.RB [ -showoffset ]
.RB [ -noglyphs ]
.RB [ -external ]
.RB [ -save
.IR file.swf ]
.RB [ -nofunctions ]
.RB [ -out
.IR file.swfx ]
.I file1.swf ...

.B java tools.SwfxPrinter 
is the class used for formatting the raw assembly output.

.I file.swf
is the SWF file you wish to disassemble.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B swfdump
disassembles SWF files and prints various information about their content.

.SH OPTIONS
.B \-encode
    TBD
.LP
.B \-asm
    Prints aggregated (structured) assembly info of DoABC and DoABC2 tags.
.LP
.B \-abc
    Prints the ActionScript bytecode content of the DoABC and DoABC2 tags.
.LP
.B \-showbytecode
    TBD
.LP
.B \-noactions
    Don't print the content of DoABC2 tags, neither the class name(s) associated with them.
.LP
.B \-showDebugsource
    TBD
.LP
.B \-noglyphs
    Don't print font information pertaining to embedded glyphs.
.LP
.B \-external
    TBD
.LP
.B \-save
.RI < file.swf >
.br
    Saves the disassembled file at the specified location.
.LP
.B \-nofunctions
    TBD
.LP
.B \-out
.RI < file.swfx >
.br
    Output the debug information to 
.I file.swfx
rather than console.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR compc (8),
.BR mxmlc (8),
.BR adt (8),
.BR adl (8),
.BR swfdump (8),
.BR fdb (8),
.BR fcsh (8).

.SH BUGS
The full list of bugs can be found here: 
https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/FLEX
.SH AUTHOR
Apache Flex <flex\-dev@incubator.apache.org>
